# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

# CineHub-Movie-Website README

## Table of Contents

- ### Introduction
- ### Project Features
  - #### Content of the Project:
  - #### API:
  - #### Image hosting:
  - #### Tailwind as CSS:
  - #### Daisyui as CSS Framework:
  - #### User Interaction:
    - #### Home page:
    - #### Movie page:
    - #### TV Show page:
    - #### Sign In & Sign Up:

## Introduction:

Welcome to my “CineHub” project!
This README provides an overview of some major features of this project.

## Features

### Projects Features

- #### Content of the Project:

  The project is about building a webpage using react.js which focuses of on entertainment sector bit mostly on the part visual entertainment sectorsa , namely, Movies, TV Shows, . Each card possess an img tag, the Service title in a h3 tag, price in p tag, description in p tag and a Button named Details

- #### API:

  The JSON data in the project represents an array of course related objects.
  There are 8 specified properties, namely:

  - “id”

  - “name”

  - “image”

  - “Price”

  - “Description”

  It includes 6 data giving each card a unique sets of id.

- #### Image hosting:

  There are 6 images which are hosted in https://imgbb.com/ website. The URL generated by this website is added in to the JSON data.

- #### Tailwind as CSS:

  The CSS framework that’s been used in this project is Tailwind and Daisyui.

- #### User Interaction:

#### Home page:

A navbar and Footer is common in every pages. But Home page contains a Banner,Service section where are 6 cards. 3 cards in a row.

#### TV-Shows Page:

Some of the popular TV-shows have beeen displayed with Marquee Tag.

#### Movies Page:

Some of the popular MOvies have beeen displayed with Marquee Tag just like the TV-shows Page.

#### Sign Up & Sign In Page:

The Page possess two inputs namely, E-mail and Password, when an e-mail and the password will be written, It would store the e-mail and the password and then the user can Sign In to the Page with their ID.

## Conclusion

This README file just give an overall feature of the Github project.
